# MusicPlayerAndroidApp
With Flashback Music 2.0, we introduce a replacement for Flashback Mode, called Vibe Mode (VM), which builds a playlist based on what others around you have been listening to recently. When FBM is put into Vibe Mode, it automatically selects tracks based on what others around you have been listening to. Priority is given to a track based on first (a) whether it was played near the user's present location, second (b) whether it was played in the last week, and third (c) whether it was played by a friend. When multiple of these factors are present, each is given equal weight in producing the ordering of tracks. Ties are broken according to the (a)-to-(c) ordering of the preceding criteria.  Because the track list in Vibe Mode could include any possible song, FBM now includes the ability to stream supports downloading tracks from remote sources (e.g., the same source from which another user streamed downloaded the track), rather than storing tracks. And because Vibe Mode tracks are not stored locally, FBM remembers all the Vibe Mode tracks you've played, and All the tracks you've downloaded can be sorted according to title, album, artist, or favorite status.  As before, the player displays the date, time, and place when a track was last played. Additionally, because that track might have been played by someone else, if the track was played by a friend, the friend's name is displayed as well, otherwise a proxy name is displayed for the anonymous user. The proxy name can be any reasonable name (how about something cute?), but it has to be the same each time the same anonymous user is the source of the track. If a track was played by you, then "you" is displayed in italics: you.  Finally, users stated a preference for being able to see upcoming tracks, much like shown in a traditional music player. Thus, when playing an album or in Vibe Mode, the complete track list should be shown viewable.
